---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sailpoint_identity_profile Data Source - sailpoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a SailPoint Identity Profile by ID. Identity profiles define the source of identities and how identity attributes are mapped.
---

# sailpoint_identity_profile (Data Source)

Retrieves a SailPoint Identity Profile by ID. Identity profiles define the source of identities and how identity attributes are mapped.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the identity profile.

### Read-Only

- `authoritative_source` (Attributes) The authoritative source for the identity profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authoritative_source))
- `created` (String) The date and time the identity profile was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the identity profile.
- `has_time_based_attr` (Boolean) Indicates the value of `requiresPeriodicRefresh` attribute for the identity profile.
- `identity_attribute_config` (Attributes) The identity attribute configuration that defines how identity attributes are mapped. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_attribute_config))
- `identity_count` (Number) The number of identities belonging to this identity profile.
- `identity_exception_report_reference` (Attributes) Reference to the identity exception report. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_exception_report_reference))
- `identity_refresh_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether an identity refresh is required.
- `modified` (String) The date and time the identity profile was last modified.
- `name` (String) The name of the identity profile.
- `owner` (Attributes) The owner of the identity profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the identity profile.

<a id="nestedatt--authoritative_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authoritative_source`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the authoritative source.
- `name` (String) The name of the authoritative source.
- `type` (String) The type of the source object. Always `SOURCE`.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_attribute_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_attribute_config`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_transforms` (Attributes List) List of identity attribute transforms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_attribute_config--attribute_transforms))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the identity attribute configuration is enabled.

<a id="nestedatt--identity_attribute_config--attribute_transforms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_attribute_config.attribute_transforms`

Read-Only:

- `identity_attribute_name` (String) The name of the identity attribute being mapped.
- `transform_definition` (Attributes) The transform definition for the identity attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_attribute_config--attribute_transforms--transform_definition))

<a id="nestedatt--identity_attribute_config--attribute_transforms--transform_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_attribute_config.attribute_transforms.transform_definition`

Read-Only:

- `attributes` (String) The attributes of the transform definition as a JSON string.
- `type` (String) The type of the transform definition (e.g., `accountAttribute`, `rule`).




<a id="nestedatt--identity_exception_report_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_exception_report_reference`

Read-Only:

- `report_name` (String) The name of the identity exception report.
- `task_result_id` (String) The task result ID of the identity exception report.


<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the owner.
- `name` (String) The name of the owner.
- `type` (String) The type of the owner object. Always `IDENTITY`.
