---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sailpoint_segment Data Source - sailpoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for SailPoint Segment. Look up a segment by ID to retrieve its configuration.
---

# sailpoint_segment (Data Source)

Data source for SailPoint Segment. Look up a segment by ID to retrieve its configuration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the segment.

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the segment is operational.
- `created` (String) The date and time the segment was created.
- `description` (String) Description of the segment.
- `modified` (String) The date and time the segment was last modified.
- `name` (String) The name of the segment.
- `owner` (Attributes) The owner of the segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `visibility_criteria` (Attributes) Visibility rules that determine which identities the segment applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visibility_criteria))

<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--visibility_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visibility_criteria`

Read-Only:

- `expression` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression))

<a id="nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visibility_criteria.expression`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String)
- `children` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression--children))
- `operator` (String)
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression--value))

<a id="nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression--children"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visibility_criteria.expression.children`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression--children--value))

<a id="nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression--children--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visibility_criteria.expression.children.value`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--visibility_criteria--expression--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visibility_criteria.expression.value`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)
