---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sailpoint_connector Resource - sailpoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The sailpoint_connector resource allows you to manage custom connectors in SailPoint ISC.
---

# sailpoint_connector (Resource)

The `sailpoint_connector` resource allows you to manage custom connectors in SailPoint ISC.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The display name of the connector. Changes require resource replacement.

### Optional

- `application_xml` (String) The connector application XML configuration.
- `class_name` (String) The Java class name that implements the connector. Changes require resource replacement.
- `connector_metadata` (String) Metadata pertinent to the UI to be used (JSON format).
- `correlation_config_xml` (String) The connector correlation config XML.
- `direct_connect` (Boolean) Whether the connector supports direct connection without a VA. Changes require resource replacement.
- `file_upload` (Boolean) Whether the connector supports file upload.
- `script_name` (String) The script name (unique identifier) of the connector. If not provided, will be generated from the name.
- `source_config` (String) The connector source config (JSON format).
- `source_config_xml` (String) The connector source config XML.
- `status` (String) The status of the connector. Allowed values: `RELEASED`, `DEVELOPMENT`, `DEMO`, `DEPRECATED`. Can only be set during creation - changes require resource replacement.
- `translation_properties` (String) Translation attributes by locale key (JSON format).
- `type` (String) The connector type. If not specified will be defaulted to 'custom ' + name. Changes require resource replacement.
- `uploaded_files` (List of String) List of uploaded files supported by the connector.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the connector (script name).
- `s3_location` (String) The storage path key for this connector.
